all right people it's Pratt here and
today I've got a pretty sweet gameplay
for you guys
I'll play some black ops one it's a TDM
game on firing range with the l96
variable and I know people don't want to
know the score but I really want to tell
you guys it was a 45 and 2 game which is
crazy probably one of my best if not you
know top 3 gameplays I've hit on this
game or gotten this game it's pretty
crazy it's just fast pace I'm rushing
around the map pretty accurate for the
most part as usual you know I can't get
a hundred percent accuracy game although
I want to try it sometime but you know
it's pretty good accuracy and yeah I
hope hopefully when Joey it's quite
aggressive so the gameplay is from
theater though and probably nineteen
ninety five percent you don't even care
this from theater but for me I'm just
weird I prefer the raw recording so I
apologize if you don't like watching
theater gameplays I personally don't so
that's why I'm just apologizing now but
I wasn't recording when I hit this and I
look down after the game when I was like
are great so I got together from theater
as well but the the live come I live
come I did the other day that was how to
get the gameplay from theater for that
as well because the gameplay corrupt to
the gameplay fire up that is so that's
annoying and then I've got some mini
clips as well that from theater and I
apologize for all this theater stuff
recently I just don't like the look of
it you guys probably don't even care but
I personally don't like it I just made
streaming and stuff as well so I've had
to grab a lot of stuff from Thea so I
apologize but like I said you guys
probably don't even care but what I want
to quickly discuss I talked about is the
way I've been running or the way we're
doing commentary since I've come back to
multi-car now for the past year you know
a few years has I've started doing
commentaries the main topic the main aim
of the video is to talk about things I
know that sounds weird because it's a
commentary and that's that's the goal
but the main thing has always been the
topics the discussion the voice has
always been about that and the gameplay
has always just been thrown in the
background you know I I may mention it
here and there but it's never been the
main focus and since I've come back to
multi-card I've changed my ways and I
really do like the way I've been doing
it and I hope you guys are as well but
because rather than me having a set top
or a few set of topics to talk about in
a commentary and then just grabbing a
gameplay that I've got in my gameplays
folder and throwing it over there I've
been doing it a lot differently well not
a lot differently but I've made the game
the game played the main focus and I
apologize have you hit up by crime and
Pascal got a window door open because
he's quite it's quite warm right now but
I've made the gameplay the main focus
now you know you probably noticed this
I've had my best like a strong gameplay
I think I called the absolute domination
and the main focus of that gameplay or
commentary it was to talk about the
gameplay at the start and discuss it and
stuff like that I've done the just
brutal which was only made because I had
two brutal streaks that I really enjoyed
and I thought I'd throw them together so
just stuff like that you know I've made
the game played that the main focus of
the video and that's why I don't want to
do it the other way around now I'd
rather have a really sick gameplay and
that'd be the main focus that'd be the
video title rather than me talking about
certain topics and making the title the
topics of the video if that makes sense
so I thought that's probably a bit
random and you guys probably haven't
noticed much but I've been really proud
with the gameplays I've been putting out
because obviously when you're doing a
live commentary you can't get anything
same gameplay every time so what I do
these regular commentaries I try and get
the best game plays out for you guys so
I've still got like 10 or 15 gameplays
from black ops 1 on here and probably
like 10 on black ops 2 just stacked away
but I really want to put out the best
ones so when I do these update
commentaries or discuss things in
commentaries you guys are gonna have
some really entertaining stuff to look
at so that was just me rambling on about
something there hopefully know is that
and you've been really enjoying my
commentaries and the gameplay that is
even if you don't listen to my voice so
yeah that was that and I guess I'll just
mention my sprats 12 that I'm working on
now a lot of people are under whim when
my black ops one clips will be out and I
don't know what it is I really don't
play this game much all I thought I'd
play it more than I am right now I just
I don't know what it is I just I'm not
drained or anything I just I'm not
finding it as fun as I wanted to and
that's just down to me you know I played
it so much in the past so I've got to
play it in small chunks so hopefully
I'll bring that out as soon as I can
and get you guys some minis and I'm
working on sprouting 11.5 was
so that would be kind of cool to do just
way the blackcats wanna back up stupid
so I don't think our app worth it
so that's gonna be it hopefully you guys
have enjoyed let's try any 2000 likes
again hopefully you've enjoyed that
gameplay on the commentary and stuff and
that's gonna be it
so thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys later bye